---
layout: daily
category: daily
date: 2023-11-19
tags: trading, fumo, work
published: true
---

# not my best day 

sometimes i get the feeling i am putting too much online. Well that doesnt matter anyhow. Today i was lazy all day. this whole weekend was kind of a shame for me. I only say that because i wanted to grab a suit or at the very least get my measurements for one. I started on friday so well by getting all my chores done. Saturday I invited my friend over. sadly i think this was my mistake. all we did was play video games all day. yea it was fun yea it was nostalgic, but i wont have any memories of the games 1 year from now. It all feels so worthless. Sunday I woke up and i had no idea what to do. I could have gone to do anything. The only thing i ended up doing was grabbing weed. what the hell man. I threw 400 in htx and lost it all in 1 hour. that one really hurt. I wasnt patient. traded in the middle of the zone. went all in on 20x, went to the dispo with the trade so close to my entry. long story short this weekend feels like i could have done better but that being sad i am happy. Happy everything is okay. Happy that even though I feel alone i am finally comfortable with myself. I just see the path forward. I am not going to wait for one day, I am going to grind today. to begin this week I would like to start with a plan.

|day|plan|
|---|---|
|monday|gather list of needs|
|Tuesday|linea network builder guide|
|Wednesday|finish link article|
|thursday|gather list of reading material/ read for 2 hours +|
|friday|suit|
|saturday|grab needs|
|sunday|think|

# thank you God please let me hear you.

## PRAYER

{:.center}
God grant me  serenity,
Help me accept the things I cannot change.
The courage to change the things I can,
And the wisdom to know the difference.
Living one day at a time.
Enjoying one moment at a time.
Accepting hardship as a pathway to peace.
Taking,  this sinful world as it is,
Not as I would have it.
Trusting that You will make all things right,
If I surrender to Your will;
So that I may be reasonably happy in this life,
And supremely happy with You forever in the next.


Amen